this is the instructive for the correct
installation of the student network in
an xp team as first measure
we will right click on the button
network connections located in the part
bottom below in the window
emergent we will give the left one in see
wireless networks available
next in the next window
we will left click on change
Advanced configuration
in the window that appears below
we will choose the option
wireless networks and in the part
lower we want a new
The name of the SSD network is student
script and sheet
in which the first should be written
capitalized like the uv and the
following
in the network authentication option
we will choose the option wpa2
and the data encryption will be the same
in the authentication tab the type
we will choose the first option
followed the properties button
in the lower part we have the lic
left on the configure button
and in the properties of up
we will deactivate the only option of a
Next we will see accept in each one
of the windows
then a message will appear
of wireless networks in which
we must give left click
of the window that appears to us from
write credentials
we wanted you with the user and
the password with which normally
we access our email
and we will finally click on the button
to accept
in the message that shows us connections
wireless we have click on the button
left
and in the validation of the certificate of
server we will see in accept
finally
a message will appear
that tells us that the connection is
done correctly